[ADD] ecommerce: cross and upselling page (#3367)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/products/cross_upselling.rst

===========================
Cross-selling and upselling
===========================

Any sales process is an opportunity to maximize revenues. **Cross-selling and upselling** are sales
techniques consisting in selling a customer something in addition to the product or service they
were originally shopping for. It is a great way to maximize the value of each one of your customers.

Cross-selling and upselling can be done via three different features:

- :ref:`Optional products <cross_selling/optional>` upon **adding to cart**;
- :ref:`Accessory products <cross_selling/accessory>` on the **checkout page**;
- :ref:`Alternative products <cross_selling/alternative>` on the **product page**.

Cross-selling
=============

.. _cross_selling/optional:

Optional products
-----------------

**Optional products** are suggested when customers click :guilabel:`Add to cart`, either from the
**product page** or **catalog page**. Upon clicking, a pop-up window opens with the

> :guilabel:`Optional Products` displayed in the :guilabel:`Available Options` section.

Reviewer: "Optional Products" isn't displayed, so I'd remove the capital letters and put it in bold (**) instead of guilabel

> To enable :guilabel:`Optional Products`, go to :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`,

Reviewer: Same here, **optional products** (or "this feature" if you do not want to repeat)

select a product, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` tab, and enter the products you wish to feature in the

> :guilabel:`Optional Products`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Optional Products field`.
```

.. tip::

>    You can also access the :guilabel:`Sales` tab by selecting a product on your **main shop page**,

Reviewer: technically, they can access the **product form** (which contains the sales tab, but still) -> that's nitpicking

   and clicking :guilabel:`Product` in the top-right corner.

.. image:: cross_upselling/cross_upselling-cart.png
   :align: center

>    :alt: Optional products cross-selling

Reviewer: I think having this picture right after line 25 (1st § **Optional products** are suggested [...] [...]:guilabel:`Available Options` section.) would make more sense

.. _cross_selling/accessory:

Accessory products
------------------

**Accessory Products** are displayed when customers review their cart before paying, at the
:guilabel:`Review Order` step of the **checkout process** in the :guilabel:`Suggested Accessories`
section.

To enable :guilabel:`Accessory Products`, go to :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`,
select a product, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` tab, and enter the products you wish to feature in the

> :guilabel:`Accessory Products`.

Reviewer: Accessory Products field (?)

.. image:: cross_upselling/cross_upselling-checkout.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Suggested accessories at checkout during cart review

Upselling
=========

.. _cross_selling/alternative:

Alternative products
--------------------

**Alternative products** are suggested on the **product page** and usually incentivize customers to
buy a more expensive variant or product than the one they were initially shopping for.

To enable :guilabel:`Alternative Products`, go to :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce -->
Products`, select a product, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` tab, and enter the products you wish to

> feature in the :guilabel:`Alternative Products`. Then, go to the related **product page** by

Reviewer: Maybe you meant the "Alternative Pro' section?

- :ref:`Accessory products <cross_upselling/accessory>` on the **checkout page**.

**Upselling** is only done via :ref:`alternative products <cross_upselling/alternative>` on the
**product page**.

Cross-selling
=============

.. _cross_upselling/optional:

Optional products
-----------------

**Optional products** are suggested when customers click :guilabel:`Add to cart`, either from the
**product page** or **catalog page**. Upon clicking, a pop-up window opens with the
**optional products** displayed in the :guilabel:`Available Options` section.

.. image:: cross_upselling/cross_upselling-cart.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Optional products cross-selling

To enable **optional products** go to :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`,
select a product, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` tab, and enter the products you wish to feature in the
:guilabel:`Optional Products` field. Optional products are **linked** to the product(s) they are set
up with on the **product template**. They only appear when that product is added to the cart.

.. tip::
   You can also access the :guilabel:`Sales` tab of the **product template** by selecting a product

>    on your **main shop page**, and clicking :guilabel:`Product` in the top-right corner.

Reviewer: It seems the comma isn't necessary here
```suggestion
   on your **main shop page** and clicking :guilabel:`Product` in the top-right corner.
```

.. _cross_upselling/accessory:

Accessory products
------------------

**Accessory products** are displayed in the :guilabel:`Suggested Accessories` section before

> processing to checkout, at the :guilabel:`Review Order` step.

Reviewer: It seems the comma here wasn't necessary (according to Grammarly x))
```suggestion
processing to checkout at the :guilabel:`Review Order` step.
```

a product, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` tab, and enter the products you wish to feature in the
:guilabel:`Accessory Products` field. Suggested accessory products are **linked** to the product(s)
they are set up with on the **product template**. They only appear when that product is at the
checkout process review.

Upselling
=========

.. _cross_upselling/alternative:

Alternative products
--------------------

**Alternative products** are suggested on the **product page** and usually incentivize customers to
buy a more expensive variant or product than the one they were initially shopping for.

.. image:: cross_upselling/cross_upselling-alternative.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Alternative products on the product page

To enable **alternative products**, go to :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Products`,
select a product, go to the :guilabel:`Sales` tab, and enter the products you wish to feature in the
:guilabel:`Alternative Products` field. Then, go to the related **product page** by clicking
:guilabel:`Go To Website`, and click :menuselection:`Edit`. Stay on the :guilabel:`Blocks` tab, and

> scroll down to the :guilabel:`Dynamic Content` section. Then, drop and drop the :guilabel:`Products`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scroll down to the :guilabel:`Dynamic Content` section. Then, drag and drop the :guilabel:`Products`
```

building block anywhere on the **product page**.

When placed, in :guilabel:`Edit` mode, click the **block** to access various settings for that
:guilabel:`Products` building block. In the :guilabel:`Filter` field, select :guilabel:`Alternative

> Products`. You can configure a number of additional settings such as how many elements are displayed

Reviewer: Here's my suggestion, not much, though (ps: I didn't check with pycharm)
```suggestion
Products`. You can configure several additional settings, such as how many elements are displayed
```
